The OpenShift Developer Sandbox is a short-lived cluster in the cloud.
- You request one for you and it will be deleted after a few days (30 days).
- You can request a new one as many times as you wish, you just won't be able to keep apps and data long-term,
and you won't have full administrator privileges.

Steps:

1. Create a Red Hat Developer account if you don't have one already.
You can create one at https://developers.redhat.com/register

2. Visit https://developers.redhat.com/developer-sandbox and login with your Red Hat Developer account.

3. Click on the "Start your sandbox for free" button.

4. Wait for approval, and after you see the "You're ready to get started" click again on the "Start your sandbox for free" button.

5. After a few seconds you will be redirected to your OpenShift Web console, click on the Log in with "DevSandbox" button.

5b. After successful login at the first time you have to fill a short form.

6. Go through the guided tour offered by the portal.


-------------------------

Register Quay account

If you haven’t already created a Quay.IO account, this should be completed now as it will be used throughout the course.
RedHatQuay: https://quay.io/
Red Hat Training has created several images and placed in an image repository for this course.
You will
need to use Quay.IO in order to complete the Guided Exercises and End of Chapter labs.

Steps:

1. Navigate to https://quay.io/ and login with your Red Hat Developer account.

2. Click on your user in the upper right corner and set up a password for your account.

3. Also, you can set a CLI password for your account, click on the "Generate Encrypted Password" button and copy the generated password.


-------------------------

Install Podman (Already installed)

Steps:

1. Login to your workstation.

2. Install Podman: sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y && sudo apt install -y podman

3. Verify the version with: podman --version


Install OC client (Already installed):

https://gist.github.com/mehdihasan/3399998cba54bdec78deb9be4a002acb